add Minimize windows tip (#626)
hyprwm/hyprland-wiki: pages/Configuring/Uncommon-tips-&-tricks.md

    kb_options = caps:swapescape
}
```

> ##  Minimize Windows Using Special Sorkspaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  Minimize windows using special workspaces
```

> you can alway create a special workspace and put whatever you want in it.

Reviewer 2: always

Author: done

> you can always create a special workspace and put whatever you want in it.

Reviewer: Unnecessary.

Author: maybe

> However, this is a more intuitive way by using single keybind to minimize

Reviewer 2: a single keybind

Author: done

> it or unminimize, every keybind can only minimize one window at a time.

Reviewer 2: , but every keybind...

Author: thank you 
fixed now

> However, this is a more intuitive way by using a single keybind to minimize
> it or unminimize, but every keybind can only minimize one window at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach uses special workspaces to mimic the "minimize window" function, by using a single keybind to toggle the minimized state.
Note that one keybind can only handle one window.
```

Author: check it out
